Mr. Shen, what about me?
Just an irrelevant woman
It's not worth Mr. Shen being so angry
Don't let me see you so casually
roll
You're in love with him.
In order not to let myself get deeper and deeper
I would be afraid to stay away from him
Am I right?
If Mr. Shen regrets it
You can contact me anytime.
But my price is expensive.
You know wait
A woman like you is quite nice
At least not in the interest of true love
Keep entangling
Mr. Shen
I can only cling to you
Don't ask questions
Then make me a deal
I need a fiancee
Come and block my family's marriage urging
You can mention the conditions at will.
Help me find the truth about Xu's bankruptcy three years ago
It's a deal!
And money
A lot of money.
So
That's how you and my uncle made a deal